---
layout: post
title: Diary Entry for January 12, 2013
description: a diary entry in my daily journal
tags: [diary]

---


# January 12, 2013

## Summary
  * Around 10hrs wasted
  * Some other work where I spent 5hrs

## Unedited
Today, I got up at 11 AM. Then, recieved a call from Satyajit and started reading newspaper. After completed reading, started using laptop for time pass.

After that, went for a shower and doing some household works. Then, talking with Maa and Paa.

After that, Paa ordered me to be ready to go with him. Actually dad had an appointment with doctor at 6 PM and the whole procedure take 3hrs and I was bored.

Then, we returned back at home and I was very tired, don't know why. Then dad wants to ate some `bhune chane` but bro denied and dad got angry to bro and that time I felt bad to bro.

After the whole conversation, we had our dinner. And then again I was started using laptop for time pass and then recieved a call from Satyajit and talked about future and Satayjit's girl freind, how is she and what's going on.

Then I came back to home and made tea for bro and me. Then, watching Movie with bro and finally went to sleep at 3:30 AM.


## Productive
  * Nothing done any productive work 

## Unproductive
  * Around 10hrs wasted
    -watching TV around 4hrs
    -time spent with friends phone calls around 2hrs
    -lappie used around 3hrs

## Others
  * Some other work where I spent 5hrs
    -went for a shower, it takes 1hr
    -went for Paa's treatment for a normal check up, its takes 3hrs
    -had my dinner and lunch, it takes 1hr
