# January 13, 2013

## Summary
  * learnt some minor coding to my bro
  * around 4hrs wasted
  * washing Activa

## Unedited
Today, I got up at 11 AM and thats awesome, daily I woke up that time, feeling not bad. Then, I read newspaper what's new today. But, I found only one important news that is Wikipedia False and then I felt that Wikipedia is unworthy for us.

After that, read more news and I read the news that 4 new gadgets invented in the world but I felt that out of 4 gadgets only one should be usefull for us, whose name is Bluetooth Sticker. The gadget will help us for finding our Keys, Medicines etc.
Then, read a bad news that is America still fighting with Swine flue and many people were dead for that disease.

After read the news paper, went to Kitchen and watching mom, she made `gajar ka halwa`for us. Then, I tasted and its awesome. 

After that, I went with dad for purchasing some household products and returned home and washing my Activa and it takes much time, around 3hrs and finally I was very tired to doing that and I feel that never again washed activa in my life.

Then, I called my friends and returned back. My brother woke up and told me to made a tea for him and whole family talk about some stupid topic and whole members using me as a `Bakra` and I felt very angry for that.

After the conversation, Bro teach me some minor coding to using sublime text and also teach me how to work snippets and markdown editors. Then, I felt it was gud and would be try again to learn some more coding. It takes much time around two hrs but I was not bored.

Then, I had my dinner and saw a movie. And now I am writing my diary, yesterday's dairy and today's dairy.

Finally its complete now and I am feeling sleepy. So, I got to go now for sleep. 



## Productive
  * learnt some minor coding to my bro
    -learnt how to work snippets,markdown and sublime

## Unproductive
  * around 4hrs wasted
    -watching mom, she made `Gajar ka Halwa`
    -talking with friends
    -watched a movie

## Today's Headlines
  * awesome cold in `MahaKumbh Mela` at Allahabad
  * Wikipedia false
    -caught wikipedia for uploading many wrong facts
  * 4 new gadgets had invented in the world
  * Snowfall in Himachal and Kashmir
  * Swine flue in America
  * Nida compared Kasab to Amitabh Bachhan
  * Two Chief Ministers in Janpath in Jaipur
    -UP Chief Minister, Akhilesh Yadav in `Amrudo ka bagh`
    -Rajasthan Chief Minister, Ashok Gehlot in SMS Stadium


## Others
  * washing Activa
  * went for buy some hoshold products
