---
layout: post
title: Diary Entry for January 09, 2013
description: a diary entry in my daily journal
tags: [diary]

---


January 09, 2013
================

Summery
-------

- Got up at 10:30 AM
- Again Brother shouted to me for studies around one hour
- went for a ciggerette and returned home
- called Vijay for normal talk 
- got a fresh-n-up and had my lunch
- read a newspaper __The Times Of India__
- around 4 PM went to take Milk
- returned back and watching TV half an hour
- agian read newspaper
- relaxing 1 hr to lay down in bed and talking with maa
- went to `naaz piswane` with paa
- call recieved from Satayjit
- Borther came and asked what I do whole day
- he teached many things to read a newspaper and how to learnt and understand
- had my dinner nd watching TV
- spending time with all family members talking about Brother's Fear
- finally went to sleep around 1 PM

Unedited
--------

Got up at 10:30 AM, actually Brother woke up me. Then I went to next room there all family members sat.
And today again brother __shouted__ for studies and asked me when you grow up and when you will serious about your life
why you do not understand that you are spoilling your life
then he went his office and I felt that I have been sppoilling my life for the last 3years.

After that, went for a ciggerette and thought about what my brother said. I realised that I was wrong and now its time to recorrect myself `sudharne`
then I was send a forward sms to all my friends and recieved a call from Vijay. But, I cut the phone because doing some work and after complete the work I called Vijay and asked him why he called???
Then he told me the reason, and asked me what was my plan for 14th January.
Then a conversation over I went to a fresh-n-up and had my lunch around 12:30 PM.

I took a newspaper and read it __The Times Of India__. I got many of news which was important.
I was giving around three hrs to read news and understand what they express.
Around 4 PM mom told me that you went to take Milk from `bhainson ka baaran`
I returned back to home and watching TV for half an hour and again read the newspaper around 1hr

After that, I felt sleepy then I went to lay down in bed and talking with Maa. After relaxing 1hr, Mom ordered me that you went with your father for `naaz piswane`. Its takes around 45mins.
Then we returned home and I was recieved a call from Satayjit and a normal conservation I cut the phone.

After that, Brother came to home and he asked me what I do the whole day?
and I replied him that I was reading and trying to understand the news. He asked me what I read?
then I told him but I cannot remember everything which I read

After that, he understand my problem and teached me many things, How to read a newspaper and understand what they said.
He teached me very nicely and I asked many of my doubts and he rectified my mistakes. He told me that more practiced about __the__ word, where they are used, and what terms about using the word __the__.
The whole conversation take our time that is around two and half an hour. But, I felt happy.

After that conversation, I had my dinner and watching my TV show. Then I went to next room and spending time with all family members talking about my Brother's fear. After resolve this, finally I went to bed and slept tightly.




