---
layout: post
title: Diary Entry for January 10th, 2013
description: a diary entry in my daily journal
tags: [diary]

---


January 10th, 2013
==================

Summery
-------

1. woke up at 8:30 AM
2. wrote a diary of my past 2 days, what I did
3. January 8th, dairy
4. went to fresh-n-up and made a breakfast for me
5. read  a newspaper __Dainik Bhaskar__
6. Again wrote a dairy of January 9th
7. had a lunch
8. using laptop
9. had a bath
10. went to take a Milk
11. went to OM Steel Company, to take a number for Chandani uncle
12. went to cut my hair and gave a DVD and Pendrive to my friend
13. returned home and talked about the new home purchase matter
14. I called Manu and Satyajit but they did not picked my call
14. call recieved from Manu
15. had my Dinner
16. Again call recieved from Manu
17. watching TV with Maa, Paa and brother
18. went to sleep around 11:30 PM

Unedited
--------

Woke up at 8:30 AM, Finally I feel better today because of early morning wake up.
Then I wrote a diary of my past 2 days, what I did. But, I wrote a dairy of January 8th and my brother helps me to write a dairy
it takes much time, around two and half an hour.

After that, I went to fresh-n-up and made a breakfast for me.
Then I take __Dainik Bhaskar__ and read it. I realised that many of news are important and I know about what happend in _India_
means I read that Pakistan attacked in India's border at _Mendhar_ and they killed two men of Indian Army, The 13th Rajputana Rifels.
And also read that Railway Minister increased the rate charges of railway travelling

After that Again wrote a dairy of January 9th, but now I feel better because it takes one and half an hour and it was much less than the 1st one
then I had a bath and my lunch and using laptop it takes 1 hr. Then I went to take a milk from `bainson ka baaran`

I went to OM Steel company to take his shop and personnel number for Chandani uncle.
After that I went to cut my hair and gave a Dvd and pendrive to my friend and talked about __Sakranti__ what will we do
it takes much time around two and half an hour
the I returned back home and Maa-Paa talking about the our home sell-out and purchase a new home, but the whole conversation has gone worthless

after the whole conversation I called Manu and satayjit but they did not picked my call. After sometime Manu called and talk about that his whole day was spoiled because his mind was not working. And after that he told me that he was late and cannot picked his Bus and finally went Baba's house to stay.

then I had my dinner and again recieved a call from Manu, that time the normal conversation going between us.
then I went to watching TV with Maa,Paa and bro. After that, I went to sleep around 11:30 PM but can't sleep easily. I was trying but I can't sleep.
after 1hr I slept tightly.

