---
layout: post
title: Diary Entry for January 08, 2013
description: a diary entry in my daily journal
tags: [diary]

---


January 08, 2013
================

Summary
-------

1. had a bath today
2. received my treatment for tooth ache
3. went to get my Activa repaired
4. went to get the harddisk repaired
	- they asked me to submit my current harddisk
	- they will replace my unit within 15 days
5. went to get household goods from the City
    - I was very angry for the __Rush__
6. went to Brother's office to get some money for fuel
7. reached home at 6.00 PM
8. had a talk with Hanuman Prasad
9. talking about which car we buy
10. had my dinner
11. take a newspaper and read it
12. watching TV shows
13. slept around 1 AM

Unedited
--------

got up at 11:30am, nd went to my father's room. There were my brother shouted to me bcz of irregular studies and habit of my late night sleepings.
then he ordered to me for studies and he went to his office.

After he went to his office I felt that I am doing wrong nd wasting my all time for lappie, mobiles, tv shows, movies, house work, sleeping all time and `awaaragardi`. I felt that I am irresponsible guy who does not understand what he do nd what does they effected of my future life.
after that I was going for a cig nd return back to home, I was going for a bath. After that around 12:30pm I went to a govt dental hospital for my treatment. Around 1:30pm I was free for dental hospital, then I went to repair for my Activa. He takes around 1:30hrs and that time I thought I have to go to get my harddisk repaired. where they asked me the Customer ID, but I don't have. They told me to create a customer ID and gave them a code. I called my father and told him to create a ID and gave me a code. After sometime, He called and gave me a code. Then I gave him that code and he told me that they will replace my unit within 10 to 15 days.

After that, I went to get household goods from the City and it takes one hour because of heavy rush and I was very angry.

Then I went to Brother's office to get some money for Fuel and then we decided to back home together. But __that Office time__, the rush was very heavy, it took 45mins to reached home around 6:00 PM and then I had bred-omlet and Gajar ka Halwa.

After that, I called Hanuman, and small conversation with him about Vijay's back to jaipur and Satyajit's topic.

Then I entered to room and my father and mother sitting together and they talking about to buy a new Car. Then they asked me what will better for our family "A petrol car or Diesel car" and I suggested for a diesel car. The whole conversation take two hrs.

After the whole conversation, I had my dinner with family

I took a newspaper at 9:00 PM, and read it. But, I can't read all news.
Then I went to watching TV shows, my favourate TV show __Bade Achhe Lagte Hain__. Then I also watching `BiggBoss` and it takes much time.

After that, I went to bed.




Edited
------

__Got up at around 11:30 AM__, and went to father's room. My brother __shouted__ at me because of my irregular studies and my habit of late night sleeping.

After he went to his office, __I felt that I am doing wrong and wasting all my time__ on laptop, mobile, TV shows, movies, household work, sleeping all the time, and `awaaragardi`. 

> I feel that I am an irresponsible guy who do not understand what he wants to do and how they will effect my life.

After that, I went for a ciggerette, returned back to home and went for a bath.

At around 12:30 PM, I went to a government dental hospital to receive treatment for my tooth ache.

After getting free from the hospital at around 1:30 PM, I went to get my Activate repaired. He took around an hour and a half, at which time I thought that I have to go to get my harddisk repaired.
