Januray 11, 2013
================

Summery
-------

* woke up at 11 AM
* went for a ciggerette
* came back and write my yesterday dairy
* went to some household works with Maa
* returned back at 4 PM
* Bro teach me some coding
* went to buy some `Kachories`
* watching Cricket match with Paa
* using laptop
* had my dinner 
* again using laptop
* now I am writing my today's dairy
* today I have nothing doing as a Productive work

Unedited
--------

Woke up at 11 AM, because I was feeling cold today. 
I went for a ciggerette and came back at home and then I wrote my yesterday dairy
that is what I do the whole day. It takes around one and half an hour
then Paa gave me some work and I went to doing his work. But today I was very angry to my paa
because he is doing wrong and taking `bidi` more n more and his behaviour have been changed.

then we (me and maa) reached BSNL office at M I Road and the office was 5th floor of his building and its my bad luck that the Lift was not working.
I felt very angry because I am using stairs to reach the 5th floor and I am doing that two times because the clerks fault.
then completed the Bsnl office work, we reached SMS Hospital to take dad's operation bill.

Then we completed our household work and returned back to home at 4 PM. But today I am tired very much and I started having headache
and finally bro kept me and teach me some coding. I can't understand properly but  I understand much because I am very tired

After that, I went to buy some `kachories` for me and my bro and ate that watching the Cricket match between India and Pakistan.
then I was using my laptop and chatting with friends. but nothing special they bored me.

then I went to had my dinner with Paa. After finish my dinner again using laptop but that time watching my result from SSC and new recruitments for bank andLIC company
then I have using facebook for chatting

Now, I am writing my today's dairy and also chatting with friend but now I felt that today I do not work properly as I called a nice work or productive work.

Now, I got to go for sleep because I feel sleepy and its very late for me.....